fix: Blocked login when dismissed 2FA modal (#32482)
RocketChat/Rocket.Chat: .changeset/soft-donkeys-thank.md

---
"@rocket.chat/meteor": patch
"@rocket.chat/mock-providers": patch
"@rocket.chat/ui-contexts": patch
"@rocket.chat/web-ui-registration": patch
---

> fix blocked login when dismissed 2FA modal by clicking outside of it or pressing escape key

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed an issue with blocked login when dismissed 2FA modal by clicking outside of it or pressing the escape key
```
